## bosun workspace

Workspace commands configure and manipulate the bindings between app repos and your local machine.

### Synopsis

A workspace contains the core configuration that is used when bosun is run.
It stores the current environment, the current release (if any), a listing of imported bosun files,
the apps discovered in them, and the current state of those apps in the workspace.
The app state includes the location of the app on the file system (for apps which have been cloned)
and the minikube deploy status of the app.

A workspace is based on a workspace config file. The default location is $HOME/.bosun/bosun.yaml,
but it can be overridden by setting the BOSUN_CONFIG environment variable or passing the --config-file flag.

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for workspace
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config-file string   Config file for Bosun. You can also set BOSUN_CONFIG. (default "$HOME/.bosun/bosun.yaml")
      --dry-run              Display rendered plans, but do not actually execute (not supported by all commands).
      --force                Force the requested command to be executed even if heuristics indicate it should not be.
      --no-report            Disable reporting of deploys to github.
  -o, --output table         Output format. Options are table, `json`, or `yaml`. Only respected by a some commands. (default "yaml")
      --verbose              Enable verbose logging.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [bosun](bosun.md)	 - Devops tool.
* [bosun workspace dump](bosun_workspace_dump.md)	 - Prints current merged config, or the config of an app.
* [bosun workspace get](bosun_workspace_get.md)	 - Gets a value in the workspace config. Use a dotted path to reference the value.
* [bosun workspace import](bosun_workspace_import.md)	 - Includes the file in the user's bosun.yaml. If file is not provided, searches for a bosun.yaml file in this or a parent directory.
* [bosun workspace set](bosun_workspace_set.md)	 - Sets a value in the workspace config. Use a dotted path to reference the value.
* [bosun workspace show](bosun_workspace_show.md)	 - Shows various config components.
* [bosun workspace tidy](bosun_workspace_tidy.md)	 - Cleans up workspace.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 16-May-2019
