## bosun release

Contains sub-commands for releases.

### Synopsis

The release command is the entry-point for interacting with releases, which are
snapshots of apps that will be deployed together as an upgrade (or initial install) to a cluster.
There are two release "slots", stable and unstable. These are both stored (by default) in the /releases
folder in the folder where the platform file is located. The unstable slot is intended for sharing the latest
development versions of apps, to facilitate deployment of those apps without needing to clone their repos. 
The stable slot contains the versions of apps which are (or will shortly be) deployed to production. The
files under the stable slot should never be modified except on a release branch of the platform repo.

The lifecycle of a release is as follows:
- `bosun release create` will create a new release. You be asked which release should be used as a base, and what 
bump to apply to the release. Use a patch bump for hotfixes and a minor bump for releases, unless it`s a major change.
When you run this command bosun will create and push a new branch for that release. The newly created release will
contain the same app versions as the release it was based on.
- `bosun release add {app}` will create a release branch for the given app and add it to the release. You can specify
which branch to add the app from and what version bump to apply.
- `bosun release update {app}` will update the release by copying the manifest from the release branch for that app.
This is used to pull changes made during RC testing into the release.
- `bosun release deploy plan` creates a deploy plan for the current release. This copies the app manifests which have 
been specifically added to the release to a deployment plan location. You can include additional apps that aren`t owned
by the release in the deployment plan by using flags. You should always run this command after you run 
`bosun release update`; bosun will remind you if you forget.
- `bosun release deploy validate` will check that the correct images exist for the release
- `bosun release deploy execute [apps...]` will deploy the apps listed to the current cluster, or all apps if you don`t
list any
- `bosun release deploy show` will show the deploy progress to the current cluster
- `bosun release commit plan` should be used after the release is fully deployed. It will prepare a plan for merging
all the release branches back to develop and master, as well as tagging them.
- `bosun release commit execute` will execute the commit plan. If you need to abort the commit plan to do a complicated
merge resolution or something you can run this command again to pick up where you left off.


### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for release
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --cluster string       Set to target a specific cluster.
      --config-file string   Config file for Bosun. You can also set BOSUN_CONFIG. (default "/home/steve/.bosun/bosun.yaml")
      --confirm-env string   Set to confirm that the environment is correct when targeting a protected environment.
      --dry-run              Display rendered plans, but do not actually execute (not supported by all commands).
      --force                Force the requested command to be executed even if heuristics indicate it should not be.
      --no-report            Disable reporting of deploys to github.
  -o, --output table         Output format. Options are table, `json`, or `yaml`. Only respected by a some commands.
      --sudo                 Use sudo when running commands like docker.
      --verbose              Enable verbose logging.
  -V, --verbose-errors       Enable verbose errors with stack traces.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [bosun](bosun.md)	 - Devops tool.
* [bosun release add](bosun_release_add.md)	 - Adds an app to the current release.
* [bosun release commit](bosun_release_commit.md)	 - Commands for merging a release branch back to develop and master.
* [bosun release create](bosun_release_create.md)	 - Create a release.
* [bosun release deploy](bosun_release_deploy.md)	 - Deployment commands for releases.
* [bosun release dot](bosun_release_dot.md)	 - Prints a dot diagram of the release.
* [bosun release list](bosun_release_list.md)	 - Lists known releases.
* [bosun release show](bosun_release_show.md)	 - Lists the apps in the current release.
* [bosun release test](bosun_release_test.md)	 - Runs the tests for the apps in the release.
* [bosun release update](bosun_release_update.md)	 - Updates the current release by pulling in the manifests from the app repos.
* [bosun release use](bosun_release_use.md)	 - Sets the current release.
* [bosun release validate](bosun_release_validate.md)	 - Validates the release.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 23-Sep-2021
