## bosun

Devops tool.

### Synopsis

This is our tool for for devops. If you have some scripts for
building, deploying, or monitoring apps you may want to add them to this tool.

### Options

```
      --config-file string   Config file for Bosun. You can also set BOSUN_CONFIG. (default "$HOME/.bosun/bosun.yaml")
      --dry-run              Display rendered plans, but do not actually execute (not supported by all commands).
      --force                Force the requested command to be executed even if heuristics indicate it should not be.
  -h, --help                 help for bosun
      --no-report            Disable reporting of deploys to github.
  -o, --output table         Output format. Options are table, `json`, or `yaml`. Only respected by a some commands. (default "yaml")
      --verbose              Enable verbose logging.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [bosun app](bosun_app.md)	 - App commands
* [bosun docker](bosun_docker.md)	 - Group of docker-related commands.
* [bosun docs](bosun_docs.md)	 - Completion and documentation generators.
* [bosun e2e](bosun_e2e.md)	 - Contains sub-commands for running E2E tests.
* [bosun edit](bosun_edit.md)	 - Edits your root config, or the config of an app if provided.
* [bosun env](bosun_env.md)	 - Sets the environment, and outputs a script which will set environment variables in the environment. Should be called using $() so that the shell will apply the script.
* [bosun git](bosun_git.md)	 - Git commands.
* [bosun graylog](bosun_graylog.md)	 - Group of graylog-related commands.
* [bosun helm](bosun_helm.md)	 - Wrappers for custom helm commands.
* [bosun helmsman](bosun_helmsman.md)	 - Deploys a helmsman to a cluster. Supports --dry-run flag.
* [bosun kube](bosun_kube.md)	 - Group of commands wrapping kubectl.
* [bosun lpass](bosun_lpass.md)	 - Root command for LastPass commands.
* [bosun meta](bosun_meta.md)	 - Commands for managing bosun itself.
* [bosun minikube](bosun_minikube.md)	 - Group of commands wrapping kubectl.
* [bosun mongo](bosun_mongo.md)	 - Commands for working with MongoDB.
* [bosun platform](bosun_platform.md)	 - Contains platform related sub-commands.
* [bosun release](bosun_release.md)	 - Contains sub-commands for releases.
* [bosun repo](bosun_repo.md)	 - Contains sub-commands for interacting with repos. Has some overlap with the git sub-command.
* [bosun script](bosun_script.md)	 - Run a scripted sequence of commands.
* [bosun tools](bosun_tools.md)	 - Commands for listing and installing tools.
* [bosun upgrade](bosun_upgrade.md)	 - Upgrades bosun if a newer release is available
* [bosun vault](bosun_vault.md)	 - Updates VaultClient using layout files. Supports --dry-run flag.
* [bosun workspace](bosun_workspace.md)	 - Workspace commands configure and manipulate the bindings between app repos and your local machine.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 16-May-2019
